{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My vision and concept for the redesign of the #Bruins4Bruins campaign microsite was to keep it clean and simple.  \
\
I kept the color palette to the essential 3 colors of the university- red, white, and blue.  The landing page takes up the full view width so that no matter what device users visit with, they will always only see the landing page and nothing more.  This allows full focus on the text and logo with minimal distraction.  \
\
The navigation is fully responsive and very clean-cut with subtle CSS highlights and transitions to make it modern.  On mobile, there is a hamburger logo that slides out with a mobile-friendly menu.  On-click of any in-site navigation, a script activates to enable smooth scrolling.  There is also an eye-grabbing script that counts up the goal amount (in red) of money to raise. \
\
Section 2 can be used as a media splash page.  I went with video and used the example from last years campaign.  This could very easily be a picture slide show or some sort of interactive chart (etc).  This is also the first opportunity for the user to donate with a contrasting \'91GIVE NOW\'92 button.  Ideally, whatever media is chosen to precede the button should encourage the user to click.\
\
\'91About the Annual Fund\'92 is the shortest section but is visually the easiest to comprehend.  I used font awesome icons and stacked them for a clean, column based data break down.  The spinning cog adds another movement element to grab attention but can easily be made static if needed.  I also used the CSS skewY attribute to slant the top border as yet another means to make this section stand out.\
\
Sticking with the theme of clean and simple, the student testimonial section is a single, centered column.  It features rounded avatars and contrasting quotes to stand out against the white background.  An opaque image of a Belmont University fountain helps add a personal element to the user when reading the students\'92 experiences.\
\
The website closes with another chance for the user to donate with a red, contrasting \'91GIVE NOW\'92 button as well as the Belmont logo and basic out-of-site navigation.  For a fun touch, there are a few social media buttons complete with CSS rotate animations.  There is also a subtle image of cheering students in the background.}